CVBASE '06 Dataset License

Please read the following paragraphs carefully. We tried to phrase the
licence in the way that would give the researchers maximum freedom of
work and publication. Basically, we do not want unauthorized
modifications of the dataset and we do not want dataset to be used in
scientific fields for which it was not intended.

Download and use of CVBASE 06 Dataset are allowed under the following
circumstances:

    * The dataset is copyrighted by University of Ljubljana and the
authors: Janez Perš, Marta Bon and Goran Vuckovic.
    * Permission is granted for use of this dataset in research and
development in the fields of computer vision, artificial intelligence,
pattern recognition and related scientific disciplines.
    * Permission is granted for use of the portions of this dataset as
an illustration of the experimental data in any form of scientific
publication, including, but not limited to conference proceedings,
journal papers, research reports, posters and similar. That means, for
example, that you may use images, trajectory data and annotations from
the dataset in your publications without any copyright restrictions or
special permissions from dataset authors. This permission is not
restricted to CVBASE 06 papers!
    * Permission is granted to use of the portions of this dataset as
an illustration of the experimental data in any form of oral
presentation, related to the above mentioned scientific fields,
including but not limited to conference talks, project presentations,
tutorials, classroom talks and similar. That means, for example, that
you can use images, videos, trajectory data and annotations from the
dataset in your conference presentations without any copyright
restrictions or special permissions from dataset authors. This
permission is not restricted to CVBASE 06 papers!
    * Use of this dataset for exclusively sport related research is
NOT permitted. That means, you may not use the trajectory data from
this dataset and publish a scientific paper on player motion in squash
or handball. Similarly, you may not use the annotation data to publis
a scientific paper on the player and team activity in handball or
squash.
    * Dataset may be freely distributed, as long as it remains in its
original, unmodified form. If you are in doubt about dataset
integrity, retrieve the original data from the internet addres:
http://vision.fe.uni-lj.si/cvbase06/dataset.html.
    * Distribution of modified versions of this dataset is explicitly
forbidden.
    * You agree that authors bear no responsibility for errors,
mistakes, faults, missing data, innacuracies in trajectories or errors
in annotations or any other problems that may arise with the dataset.
In no event you will hold dataset authors responsible or liable for
any problem with the dataset.
    * If you are in doubt about any of the above permissions or
restrictions, or if you don't know how to apply this license to the
your field of work, contact the dataset authors at: 
janez.pers@fe.uni-lj.si
    * Credits for the experimental data, obtained from this dataset
are greatly appreciated. If you decide for citation, please use the
following credits: Janez Pers, Marta Bon, Goran Vuckovic: CVBASE 06
Dataset, available online:
http://vision.fe.uni-lj.si/cvbase06/dataset.html

